Shortcuts
F8 = enter/exit compact mode

Edit/Runtime Mode
Just like MEDM, CSS BOY has an execute mode and an edit mode.
To switch between them, right click on an OPI in the left-hand Navigator
pane and choose Open With --> OPI Editor or OPI Runtime.

Edit/Runtime Perspective
Unlike MEDM, CSS BOY has an environment of panels which can be changed
for convenience.  Window --> Open Perspective --> Other ... --> 
OPI Runtime/OPI Editor.  When a file is in runtime mode, you can hide
panels by going to the OPI Runtime perspective.  While editing, you want
the panels open in OPI Editor perspective.

TS macro
You will need to set the TS macro so that it can properly find your EPICS
server.  Open front.opi in Editor mode and click anywhere on the background.
This should select the widget "root Group."  At the top of the Properties
pane on the right, click on the Value of the Macros entry.  In the box
that appears, set the correct value of the TS variable.

Autoscale/Rescale
Pressing the Rescale button will disable autoscale and alter that specific
y-axis so that the y-axis max is the current larger value + you given 
offset, while the y-axis min is the current smaller value - your given 
offset.  
!! Make sure to press Enter after typing a new offset value.  Otherwise,
!! it will not take effect.
To set it back to autoscale, where all the data are within visible range,
press the autoscale button on the left side at the top of the XYGraph.

Change the axes on a strip chart
Sometimes you will want to change the axes labeling or the upper and lower
bounds on the axes while you are running the display.  To do this, click the
hammer and spanner icon at the top left of the strip chart.  Click the axes
tab, select the axis you want, and edit its options.  

Take screenshots or graph shots
On Linux, you can probably take a full screenshot just be pressing the
Print Screen keyboard key.  
Either way, you can save an image of any given strip chart in CSS BOY
by pressing the camera icon at the top right of the strip chart.  

Open in New Window
By default, all screens will open in a new tab.  If you want to open a given
screen in a new window, then right click on the button that opens it and choose
Open in New Window.

Zoom
Press and hold Ctrl on the keyboard and then scroll with the mouse to zoom a
screen in or out.

Known Issues
- 9 August 2012: Running CSS BOY using Sun Java causes various problems,
including a performance drag.  If you have Sun Java installed, make sure
Eclipse is using openJDK by forcing it on the command-line:
./css -vm /usr/lib/jvm/java-1.6.0-openjdk-1.6.0.0.x86_64/bin/java
